Come on in. You are welcome
Take a seat
It's too luxurious here
As expected of Tianhu No. 1
Own the key to Tianhu No. 1
It means that the young master is the son of Mr. Su
Summer Dream
Now what else do you have to say?
Is there a possibility
Xu Baichuan is a brother you have never met
You mean my mom has an illegitimate child out there?
You said that.
I'm not saying it shouldn't.
What are you two muttering about there?
Why don't you hurry up and apologize to this young master?
Apologize for what?
You pretend to be my son and speak rudely to me
Shouldn't you kneel down and apologize to me?
That's right, today you'll break your leg if you don't kneel
Oh, don't be so stiff.
Maybe you two
Is it a half-brother?
Brothers are not in harmony, but there is no taboo
Brother, I am brothers with him
Does he deserve Xia Meng?
Hurry up and ask your husband to apologize to Xu Shao
Otherwise, if you offend Mr. Xu, even I can't help you.
Who is real and who is fake will naturally see later
Hello, is that the manager?
Where are you now?